Improve the structure of global and semantic design tokens and explain how they are related (#457)
react-ui-org/react-ui: src/docs/foundation/colors.mdx

## General Guidelines

> - **Most colors in React UI are strictly semantic: they always target a specific

Author: ```suggestion
- **To not stand in the way of your design language, almost all colors in React UI are strictly semantic: they always target a specific
```

With the exception of neutral colors…
